# An output port for messaging

Consider the situation where other services would like to be notified of new meetups that have been scheduled. The application service should send out a notification, which might be a simple event object. Of course, there should be no details in it about the delivery mechanism that is going to be used to actually send out the notification (for example to a RabbitMQ exchange).

## Hints

- Define some "notifier" interface you could use inside the application service to send "meetup scheduled" notifications to. In which layer does it belong?
- Add an implementation for the notifier interface, which simply logs the serialized notification (using `json_encode()` and `error_log()`). You should be able to find the logged notifications in the service logs, by running `docker-compose logs -f`. In which layer does it belong? Given the port gets called "Notifications", how would you call the adapter that contains the implementation of the notifier interface?

## An implementation using RabbitMQ

If you have time and like to actually send messages to RabbitMQ, use the official [`rabbitmq` image](https://hub.docker.com/_/rabbitmq/); add the following service to `docker-compose.yml`:

```yaml
rabbitmq:
    image: rabbitmq:3-management
    ports:
        # management UI:
        - 15672:15672
```

Start the service using `docker-compose up -d`.

We'll use [Bunny](https://github.com/jakubkulhan/bunny), a RabbitMQ client library written in PHP, to communicate with the RabbitMQ server. This package has al ready been installed for you.

Once the `rabbitmq` service is up, connect to it like this:

```php
use Bunny\Client;

$connection = [
    'host' => 'rabbitmq',
    'vhost' => '/',
    'user' => 'guest',
    'password' => 'guest'
];

$client = new Client($connection);
$client->connect();
```

Follow the instructions in [`README.md`](https://github.com/jakubkulhan/bunny/blob/master/README.md) to produce messages.

Once you have this working, visit [localhost:15672](http://localhost:15672). When you produce messages you should see some activity in the graph on that page.
